Have you ever been so resigned to the fact that your every notion of your understanding of what is happening in front of you and in the world around you is completely wrong and there doesn't seem to be a way to fix is regardless of what you do or where you look? It is extremely anxiety inducing to always feel as if there is an extra layer in meaning in every interaction or set of events that you're not privy to, for a reason you could never fathom. The recurrent wondering of 'what is wrong with me ?' stemming from a constant feeling that you're missing a link or a key piece of information essential to reach the basic level of understanding that everyone else involved in the situation has naturally, effortlessly and flawlessly arrived at during the moment you took to blink. Eventually, and arduously, you realise that your inability to understand also perpetuates an inability to be understood on that same level. I can only surmise that it is due to the inability communicate on that 'level'. You must also beware of what you do, should you choose to express this confusion(lest it be taken advantage of somehow, who knows?), because whatever you do will be interpreted as though you are in fact clued in and you are more than likely going to be misunderstood in the most implicating way. So who are you to argue when you disagree? What do you know? You can't be sure of anything. Not as anyone sure as everyone else seems to be, and if you dare to try there will be consequences - one thing you can be halfway sure of. So when you are told what is what, accept it and be grateful that someone wrote a book to explain and help you out. And don't question it, what grounds do you have?

Another question: how many years can you go feeling numb? Barely present, just enough to seem okay enough to avoid further strife. Now I try to be a whole person and I find parts of myself missing. I think the parts that never got to be while I was away.